.nh
.TH "DOCKER-BUILDX-RM" "1" "Mar 2024" "" ""

.SH NAME
.PP
docker-buildx-rm - Remove one or more builder instances


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBdocker buildx rm [OPTIONS] [NAME] [NAME...]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Removes the specified or current builder. It is a no-op attempting to remove the
default builder.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--all-inactive\fP[=false]
	Remove all inactive builders

.PP
\fB-f\fP, \fB--force\fP[=false]
	Do not prompt for confirmation

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for rm

.PP
\fB--keep-daemon\fP[=false]
	Keep the BuildKit daemon running

.PP
\fB--keep-state\fP[=false]
	Keep BuildKit state


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB--builder\fP=""
	Override the configured builder instance


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
### Remove all inactive builders (--all-inactive) {#all-inactive}

Remove builders that are not in running state.

```console
$ docker buildx rm --all-inactive
WARNING! This will remove all builders that are not in running state. Are you sure you want to continue? [y/N] y

.EE

.SS Override the configured builder instance (--builder) {#builder}
.PP
Same as 
\[la]/reference/cli/docker/buildx/#builder\[ra]\&.

.SS Do not prompt for confirmation (--force) {#force}
.PP
Do not prompt for confirmation before removing inactive builders.

.EX
$ docker buildx rm --all-inactive --force

.EE

.SS Keep the BuildKit daemon running (--keep-daemon) {#keep-daemon}
.PP
Keep the BuildKit daemon running after the buildx context is removed. This is
useful when you manage BuildKit daemons and buildx contexts independently.
Only supported by the

\[la]/build/drivers/docker\-container/\[ra]
and 
\[la]/build/drivers/kubernetes/\[ra] drivers.

.SS Keep BuildKit state (--keep-state) {#keep-state}
.PP
Keep BuildKit state, so it can be reused by a new builder with the same name.
Currently, only supported by the 
\[la]/build/drivers/docker\-container/\[ra]\&.
```


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBdocker-buildx(1)\fP
